# Perceptron

Write a program that implements a simple sigmoid neural network using the delta rule presented in the lecture. Use the following activation function: yˆ =1/(1 + e−net) and net = Sum(wi.xi) where ~w is the vector of weights including the bias (w0). Treat all attributes and weights as double-precision values. Given are the two data sets named Gauss3 and Gauss4 as csv files. Your program should be able to read both data sets and treat the last value of each line as the class (1 being positive and 0 being negative). Your task is to correctly implement the backpropagation algorithm (as taught in lecture) with single sample correction (means you update the weights every data point). For that purpose, you are required to use a fixed architecture (for the sake of ease) as given in the Figure below. The solution for Gauss3 with a learning rate of η = 0.2 and 2 full iterations (meaning two times going through all data points) is given. The format is given by the header of the file. Here, delta_h1 represent the error of h1 and h1 the output of h1 itself. The same is true for other nodes. The first line after the header indicates the initialization for the weights. Please use this initialization as a hardcoded start also for the Gauss4 data set. Every other lines represents the weights after updating and the output and error for that iteration along with the original data point. For each data set, you can acquire one point, if the solution of your program returns correct results.
